Part of the world as we know it is about to change forever, at least that's what Nira was thinking, since she is about to embark in the first time travel ever made. Should she manage to accomplish this dangerous feat, she would save humanity from a certain disgrace. However, how could she know this disgrace would ever happen? Well, at least it is possible that the catastrophic event had happened several times. In fact, she believes it is a loop that we could not escape, and has been like this for who knows when.

The moment she regained knowledge about the loop was during the time machine's first tests, where the field of effect protected her from going through the loop. However, the tests didn't last long enough for her to do something to free herself. So now she decided to go in secret and take control of the machine to free us all from the loop. However, it would not be an easy feat, since she understood the point in time she could only attempt to go is to the future, a specific event where the loop started: the opening ceremony of the first interstellar games. Such event was where a group of rogue humans and aliens put a plan in motion to trap the Earth in a never-ending loop. The main quest would be no easy for her, let alone that she will have no understanding of the future, nor any allies.

So now she decided to learn from the possible ancestors and their lives to try to persuade their grand grand children in the future to help her free us from the loop. Everything was going well - she gathered a lot of contacts, tools and equipment that may help, bypassed the security of the time machine lab, and before she put the time machine in motion, an epiphany came to her.

She stopped, shocked without breathing for about 20 seconds, and then she left the lab without going to the future. She just realized what she was about to do. By setting the time machine to the future, her death was certain. She could travel to any time of her choice but... yes, you guessed it - just traveling to any time and she will never be on Earth anymore. After all, Earth orbits the Sun, which orbits the Milky Way galaxy. The orbital speed is so high that she would need to travel just one millisecond and may land in empty space, since the entire Solar System would offset so much that she would never see it again.

That's the main problem of time traveling - you could never travel time if you don't have the means to travel space. And that's why we are still trapped in this loop.

The end.