Part of the world as we know it is about to change forever. At least, that's what Nira was thinking as she prepared to embark on the first time travel attempt ever made. If she could manage to accomplish this dangerous feat, she would save humanity from a certain disaster. However, how could she know this disaster would ever happen? Well, at least it is possible that the catastrophic event had happened several times. In fact, she believes it is a loop that we cannot escape, and it has been like this for who knows when.

The moment she regained knowledge about the loop was during the time machine's first tests. The field of effect protected her from going through the loop, but the tests didn't last long enough for her to do anything to free herself. So, she decided to go in secret and take control of the machine to free us all from the loop. However, it would not be an easy feat. She understood the point in time she could only attempt to go was to the future, a specific event where the loop started: the opening ceremony of the first interstellar games. Such an event was when a rogue group of humans and aliens put a plan in motion to trap Earth in a never-ending loop. So, the main quest would not be an easy one for her. After all, she would have no understanding of the future, nor any allies.

Nira decided to learn from the possible ancestors and their lives to try to persuade their grandchildren in the future to help her free us from the loop. Everything was going well. She gathered a lot of contacts, tools, and equipment that may help. She bypassed the security of the time machine lab and was about to put the time machine in motion.

An epiphany came to her, and she stopped, shocked without breathing for about 20 seconds. Then she left the lab, without going to the future. She realized what she was about to do. By setting the time machine to the future, her death was certain. She could travel to any time of her choice, but if she did, she would never be on Earth again. After all, Earth orbits the Sun, which orbits the Milky Way. The orbital speed is so high that she would need to travel just one millisecond and may land in empty space, since the entire Solar System would offset so much that she would never see it again.

That's the main problem with time traveling. You could never travel time if you don't have the means to travel space. And that's why we are still trapped in this loop.

The end.




So, imagine this: Nira is about to do something crazy - she's gonna try to travel through time for the first time ever. If she can pull it off, she might just save humanity from a super bad fate. But here's the thing: she only knows about this fate because she's already lived through it... multiple times. Yeah, it's a time loop, and she's stuck in it.

Think about it like this: you're stuck in a never-ending Groundhog Day, but instead of just reliving the same day over and over, you're reliving the same entire timeline. It's like, you're born, you grow up, you live your life, and then... boom! You're back to being a baby again, with no memory of what just happened. And it just keeps happening, over and over and over.

Nira figures out that the loop started at this big event called the interstellar games, where some rogue humans and aliens teamed up to trap Earth in this never-ending cycle. It's like, they flipped a switch and suddenly, humanity was stuck in this infinite loop.

But who are these culprits, you ask? Well, it's a shady group of humans and aliens who wanted to gain ultimate power and control over the universe. They're like, a secret society of evil geniuses who thought they could outsmart the fabric of time itself.

The humans, led by a charismatic leader named Arlo, were a group of wealthy and influential individuals who wanted to ensure their own survival and dominance in the universe. They were like, "Hey, why settle for just being rich and powerful on one planet when we can be rich and powerful across the entire universe?"

The aliens, on the other hand, were a species known as the Xeridians. They were an advanced civilization that had been watching Earth from afar, studying humanity's development and waiting for the perfect moment to strike. They were like, "Hey, these humans are getting too powerful, let's team up with the rogue humans and trap them in a time loop so we can study them forever!"

Together, the rogue humans and Xeridians created a device that could manipulate time itself, trapping Earth in an infinite loop. They thought they were being clever, but really, they just created a massive headache for Nira and the rest of humanity.

So, Nira decides to take matters into her own hands. She's all, "You know what? I've had enough of this time loop nonsense. I'm gonna break free and save humanity." And she starts prepping for her mission.

She spends weeks gathering intel, studying the time machine, and learning everything she can about the interstellar games. She's like a detective, trying to piece together the clues and figure out how to break the cycle. She talks to experts, reads ancient texts, and even tries to communicate with her past selves (yeah, it's weird, but she's desperate).

Finally, she's ready. She sneaks into the time machine lab, avoiding all the security cameras and alarms. She's like a ninja, sneaking around and gathering all the tools and equipment she needs. She's got her plan all mapped out, and she's ready to put it into action.

She sets the time machine to take her to the opening ceremony of the interstellar games, where she hopes to prevent the loop from starting in the first place. She's got her heart racing, her palms are sweating, and she's basically holding her breath as she prepares to press the button.

But then, she has a major "oh no" moment. She realizes that if she travels to the future, she'll never be able to come back to Earth. Why? Because the planet is moving really, really fast through space, and if she travels even just a millisecond, she'll end up lost in space with no way to get back home.

It's like, imagine you're on a train, and you get off at the next stop. But the train keeps moving, and you can't catch up to it. That's basically what would happen to Nira if she travels through time without being able to navigate through space.

She's standing there, frozen in shock, for like 20 seconds. She can't believe she didn't think of this before. She's been so focused on breaking the time loop that she forgot about the whole "space" thing.

And then, she just walks out of the lab, abandoning her plan. She's all, "Well, I guess I'm stuck in this loop forever." It's like, she's back to square one, but this time, she's even more frustrated because she knows how close she was to breaking free.

That's the major problem with time travel, folks. You can't just hop through time without also being able to navigate through space. And that's why Nira, and the rest of humanity, are still stuck in this crazy time loop.